## STAR Responses to five of the common interview questions:


# 1) Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?

When I worked at a pizza shop, I was a shift lead. I was managing a night shift and a couple of the people below me were not getting along. They did not like each other and they began yelling at one another. They were both putting the dough in the pizza pans so that the pizza toppings could get put on and they were having a disagreement over how to make them look the best, also about how they needed to look. We needed to get the 'sheet outs' done so that we would have the dough ready for the pizzas to get made. They started yelling and so I intervened and separated them. I talked to both of them individually when I could and I asked both what was going on. I did what I could to defuse the situation to make both of them realize that we were all on the same team and that no one was picking on anyone else. Everyone got back to work and the night continued on and they still did not get along very well after that, but they were able to work together again. This saved a lot of stress for the rest of the workers that were working under me that night.

# 2) When you're working with a large number of customers, it's tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. How do you go about prioritizing your customers' needs?

The way that I prioritize the customers needs is two fold. When I was working in the pizza shop, I would work the front counter a lot. I was really good at making sure the customers got what they wanted. I would do so with the greeting that the company wanted and I would do so with a smile. I worked really hard to make sure that customers felt welcomed in the store. When things got hecktic and busy and everything felt like it was falling apart because we were just slammed, I would just focus on serving one customer at a time as fast as I was able. I needed to make sure that each customer was getting what they wanted, I needed to make sure that my coworkers behind me recieved any custom orders that I took and I needed to make sure that I handled the money and counted the change back to the customers correctly. To do this I kept a level head and I only let myself see the customer right in front of me. I was paying attention to the other customers, but the main focus of my attention was on that individual right in front og me. I was able to handle many many people using that method. I trusted that my team had my back and I was able to consistently serve vast numbers of people without errors, or if there were errors I would fix them. 

# 3) Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that?

When I worked at little cesars I was quickly promoted to the shift lead position. I was in charge of closing down the store any number of times. When I first started I felt slightly overwhelmed by how much needed to be done. I had to count the tills, I had to make sure that everyone was doing what they needed to be doing, I needed to make sure that everything was getting clean, I had to watch labor, I had to watch and make sure that we had pizzas ready to go. I had to make sure that the custom pizzas that were getting ordered were getting in the oven promptly. I had to handle customer complaints. Etc... There was so much to do to shut the store down every night. Every night I showed up and I would make a game plan. I would put employees that were on my shift where I needed them most. I would make sure that once it came to a certain time during the night that things were starting to get cleaned. I made sure that people were keeping up on the things that we needed to keep up on. I had to watch and make sure that we did not make too much product that would just get wasted at the end of the night. I leaned on the people below me and I delegated to everyone that I needed to. I made sure that the things that I had to get done got done in a timely manner. This led to me working many nights where we were able to get out of the store quickly and on time.

# 4) Tell me a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across to your team.

Every day working at the pizza shop when I came in for a night shift we had a position sheet to make. This was a constant everyday thing that everyone participated in. It was written out new everyday and we were able to make things specific for each person. I utilized these every single night shift that I led. This method helped so much, I was not constantly having to waste time or breath telling every memeber of my team what I needed from them. I would also go the extra mile and write extra jobs that I wanted people to be doing on the position sheet. This form of wrietten communication helped me make sure that everyone knew exactly what I needed from them every night. I made sure that the notes were detailed enough that whoever was going to read it would be able to understand what I meant.

# 5) Tell me about a time when you worked under extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?

When I worked at Little Cesars, when I was completely in charge of a night shift all by myself, I was the one in charge. I had the managers number in case something really bad happened but I was expected to handle most everything that came up on the night shift. It took me a while to adjust to not having so much supervision, but I was able to figure out quickly that if and when I stayed on top of all of the normal closing responsibilities that I had on my shift when the unexpected things happened I was prepared to handle them. When I would get customer complaints for example and I had to be on the phone for an extended period of time, and I was unable to fully communicate with my team, when we were all on top of things the customer complaints went better. It was challenging for me to keep up to 14 people on task and in line all the time, but I was able to when I took charge. Everynight we would have dough to get done, pizzas to make, customers to serve and machines and the whole store to clean. I was able to easily accomplish all that I needed to do by delegating and using the people that I had to get everything done. I was able to watch labor and make sure that we did not keep too many employees when business got slow. I made sure that all of the tasks that we had to do got done every single day. I worked hard along side my coworkers and I treated everyone like I was one of them, just with more responsibilities. I made lists of extra things that we needed to get done or clean when those things arose. I made sure that the store was taken care of and I made sure that all of the employees were taken care of too. I was one of the favorite shift leads of most everyone I worked with. 
